32 neetcodes by today
one new thing on the below list:
Check on chase. 100 is too little. Could run out for min payments on credit cards. So new min is 200 now. I declare! I declare bankruptcy!;
Look at special business zones
share comparrow on personal site, under tools, like chrome extensions, etc.
check on phone keeps syncing, solve this
special business zones index all of them out there, like africa south america
what to do about health and ingesting fuel exhaust from cars, trucks
plan out the near future, what would satisfy me, whats the plan? for this moment, today, tomorrow perhaps, just onward temporally
1 tiny step of the thing, it could open the floodgates, psychology isnt linear
categorize tasks: general, finance, career, influential (which one of these, if done, would leave the rest easier or irrelevant?)
make an 80/20 influential category and skim the cream off the category tasks and do those first, based off feeling
what would this look like if it were easy? is this necessary?
if procrastinating: try the anti-routine = if its not the thing, stop, for everything you do
meditate 30 secs
Cold shower
Import today's bite into calendar
Get out quick! = up the hill, work in car, crack the window
neetcode problems = 1
career doc
prescribed Brush + floss, 1 toof
life port
get water from payless
put water filter on dad's docs
put andreessen on personal site, maybe jordan. or put a caveat, non-mainstram. below s and a tier popularity
go through my book queue again, make a relevant irrelevant collection on audible. naval was like: read the same best books over and over, digging for different things from the same books. dynamic relationship. it shapes you, the new shape you reads a different book
how do i do more, because my theory is in a good state, but my execution can be a ton faster. if i can be super fast with little theory, id be surprised and i can rebalance.
personal site analytics: https://usefathom.com/ref/EJPZOB
get another pic. singapore dig mama and kamia's pics
buy eafc on pc, just hookup controller to it
also check github unread notifs
google tasks
chrome pg
relevance audible
discord
clean house
Draft tricee reply
Neetcode
plan out the near future, what would satisfy me, whats the plan?
neetcode super progress. 
alex mak form
good soccer prep starting 430
crush it today on the wing at pickup
shower
more neetcode depending, or watch office with kamia
good sleep, no lights after sundown: put in alarms recurring
talk to mama fast about what i shared with dad, because i dont want auntie tricee working too hard on something that i probably wont even entertain now. talk to dad about this\\\ after uncle tet leaves
humble speed plan: 
8020 block: try once w/out notes, if fail: 
look at notes
gpt to learn: 
implement its advice till leetcode solved, take notes on what i got wrong initially, if pass checkmark baby! keep repeating quizlet style until i can get it all blind mini passes neetcode, per 8020 category neetcode new strat, the past is dead. good coding / career progress 31 neetcode 8020 in 3 days, then rank and apply to all jobs: open all jobfinder tabs and get GOING! i cant go back to mamas without a job, godspeed! move on to next block. 40 questions to go till wednesday's end
    neetcode
    mock interviews + watch on youtube + try leetcodes' assessment and interview resources
    applications: finding leads and third doors, check all twitter following and dm pertinent ones. start tweeting from my tweet keeps, rubin method. sort what seed goes into what scale category: tweet, blog. remove idi online or finish it, check on agile tourism and include. finish ai project and include on resume too? also try hacker news etc.
    interviews
    choosing offers with parents
    planning the move
after neetcode done, mock technicals wherever i can get them
reply to tropicode on email archive, check atlassian 2, check discord
check fearset keeps doc for mama on the same page, also check my physical notepad notes fosho
watch silicon valley again
respond to auntie tricee. thank her for responding, i am looking at other things, thank you for telling me whats going on.
Linkedin kush patel
tell mama i changed my whatsapp notifs so i get them now. I changed my extreme, sorry if i made her mad earlier when i said i check in intervals of 3-4 hours and she could only call
Colleen set number and plan a cousin thing
Justine revive game night w tobias
Luke phone old photos please, talk about idi and i can help him
Get new laces for cleats
download silicon valley torrent
Check on david cabuay what hes doing and some old sf trip peeps, aa 908. Check twitter