Feel better

Finish room

Pack car
Feel better about having to leave

Next soccer game, play defense spinal or wherever is needed.

Get a bean bag

Curation makes it wasy to maximize, quicker decisions

Quantize above reminders

Daily whatsapp daily stoic sms with twilio or smthing

Guam is east meets west so were guilt and shame based cultures

No shame used to be an insult

...becoming a practitioner of the way

You can be a really good shoes or a sinking ship
Hell yeah or no.
Easy choices, hard life, hard choices, easy life.
Do not look around to others, look up to God.
Friendship is the meaning of life.
What who > how > length difficulty
definite optimism / if x, then y, 
what would this look like if it were easy?
serenity prayer
How can i test my best guesses? Whats the smallest version i can try, practice?
what is the 20% task/s that takes care of 80% of getting a tech job.
be relentlessly resourceful
dial up the independence
productize yourself
while everyone is focused on AI, where can I focus thats valuable and useful under the water of it all, what important company is nobody building?
elon process the job search
3. If you’re not working on your best idea you’re doing it wrong. 
http://31.Life is too short to work with people you don't like.
stress = obstacle - competence. so you can still have obstacles, giant fires, but if youre giantly competent, youll feel neutral. its not like elon is 10000x more stressed than you
by dwelling you miss the opportunity.
validation. from results. from action (what, who). from smallness.
i can always remove later
what and who
1,1,Accept reality because what else are you going to accept?
1,1,ask relevant sharp questions. save yourself
1,1,Think or job search like a puzzle or game
1,1,abz plan: money threshold contingences $ a = remote dev job and save $ b = dev job on guam (job boards on discord too) $ z = idi sorting.
1,1,I refuse below the api things as much as i can. This is wartime in the startup of me.
have a bias for survival: if you cap your downside, then its all upside
recovery is part of the work
Stress = problem - ability
Solve problems for cash, use cash to solve problems.
Maybe not today you, but this week you can
Hooters and onlyfans are like strip clubs
No more bullshit
Statistics doesnt work with a sample size of one
Naval: what if chatgpt has the same compute as a cell, then you have a bunch of gpts, then emergent properties?



Compa. Charg

When i was younger, i was paralyzed wrestling with the combinatorial explosions and ontological shocks of philosophy and entirety. The antidote has been relevant and sharp heuristics that ive thought through and have made sense. Narrowing down the explosion to the smallest.

Quantize above reminders

Good podcast question: what are you currently prioritizing in life, and why?

~ gratitude: 
~ one tweet

look at the cards at my hand that are rare and useful:
app academy partnership companies

~ 3 triple breaths + meditate
~ sun + tiny morning walk. feet in grass
cold therapy: how on guam? ocean?
heat therapy
massage, muscle tension, golf ball on foot, rolling out. yoga. use dads massage tool. foam roller please.
meditation
nature bathing, horizon awe
huberman 5 = Sleep, nutrients, light, exercise: anaerobic, aerobic, relationships
blueberries, kombucha, dark chocolate, kimchi, sourdough, fasting
~ perfect push up and core roller. nordics if can.

- set my intention for the next flowbox
~ comparrow if list long.
~ 1 page morning pages

~ airplane mode in time boxes.
~ sunday no fun day lol.


Put tropicode as open source experience on resume and linkedin

give mama job update

clean bedroom

get ssd

maybe find a way to indie hack together with people? nah cause were all selfish? i do think trying projects one on one with people is a good way to test them out and see if you like working with them

figure out the idea for chovin and nick

reply to littledog karpathy on discord

list all my expensive things to sell:
    record player and connection
    guitar
    bass
    bass amp
    insta360
    vr headset
    boosted board
    4 shure mics (get the one at mamas my room)

comparrow

make comparrow 3 buckets so its easier to rate for me?

tell mama job update with qa wolf, 75 apps by wednesday, taking break from presentation, just sending now

Quantize above reminders clean it up

Red paperclip network from youre exosting network, go adjacent with each best node. If not, can you find one?

The 4 kinds of luck are already active in your life. Attraction is skill plus brand, reputation.

**

put benny picture on tinder and twitter

Brush teeth

Stax lunch tomorrow w aunties
I dont want to work for dad, stay with him, or owe him any more money. Family is not everything


i think ive trained my rationality and emotion to be very closely tied, so im broadly aligned

just validate the audioboogie first internet dollar idea: just post on r/audiobooks for a 1 dollar paypal and i will personally convert your ebook and will send you the wav file. i just want to validate this idea before moving forward. hope this helps and hope to hear from you.

ask the guy that got the recent qa wolf job how he did 850 apps via discord look his name up

pieter levels on curation
update now page

every sunday:
    no caffiene
    no laptop. i want to do indie shit today though, its a labor of love. dont limit the love
    no food

Check on linkedin bot
Go to mamas

Put open source dev since august for tropicode, or since tropicode was born
Put that im looking for a software job on twitter and get premium
Post that im open for work on levelsio chat hiring and managing

What why who > how where when > length difficulty

Tweet and routine question: what value is accruing while youre sleeping? Code or business or media? What indie income is earning in your sleep tonight?

~ gratitude: auntie tiah, the austin invitation, coding meetup exists, i have at least miguel as a friend, stoicism, physiology tips, twitter

Respond to the referall guy on Xitter

~ one tweet


Buy an easier domain to remember: adamadamadam.com
Adamada.com

X premium 16 bucks and reply to peeps

Get gas for dad and my truck
Clean truck and get water from it to refill water dispenser

Arroz caldo

Also think of beepguam
Success in your career is no excuse for a bad home life

With the internet, can scenius be global?
Whats stopping this already?
Its different being in person, theres less option so you go deeper on what you got. With more options, you care less for more. Its 8020 all over again.

Go to zeldas meetups again, put in calendar. Kevin kelly salon. Network state salon

13 job apps
check dennis' programs
help with mariadb backend
chovin's teaching thing

Ive met enough elite

Give chovin the tropicode server.

Maybe take nick up on his offer to get a gis job, plan it out. The learning, the applying, the market realities, what hands can i play

Remember hypergamy happens with job market

look at the skills in demand, and do projects for them with the coding meetup guys: docker, kubernetes, terraform, fine tuning large models.

ask johna for help

Tap aa network clause
Clipboard comparrow feature. Sell for 1 dollar paypal, something tiny
Checkout dennis' side projects
Ai agents that can crosscheck hallucinations. Its like machine learning for anti hallucination

Pseudocode job search
Pseudocode networking
Pseduocode promising indie income max heap idea seed

How can i elon process my whole productivity system. Using google keeps api to automate comparrow. Clipboard feature.

How can i apply ai to things like comparrow and other ideas? To do everything that i do with comparrow.

Instead of thinking 

Write out a business system in pseudocode or scapple. Value, capture.

Morning pages

Can i red paperclip from within my existing network by being a purple cow? A friendly ambitious nerd?

- set my intention for the next flowbox = sales = network breadth and depth. go for more breadth... do i know a lot of people in the industry? am i not doubling down on the cool people that I already know? i think i do the second proportionally, ill try the first for this work sesh.

1,1,what would this look like if it were easy?
what is it? getting a job / income
>network crawl, breadth and depth
>indie income

INCOME
1,1,Test different experiments and questions with job search. Maybe apply to austin jobs anyway change location to new braunfels?+
1,1,Test assumptions solve the puzzle experiment like tim tim's 17 questions0l

what are my current experiments:
>75 apps this week till wednesday
>networking sales, productizing myself, NOT doing more product stuff for a week.

1,1,how can i be an elite performer with an elite network so income lack is almost never a problem again? same with dating after an elite boyfriend lol
validation from results from action from smallness. what who. by dwelling you miss the opportunity. serenity prayer

1,1,with the job search do the 4 kinds of luck $ blind luck = no action $ serendipity = num job apps $ detection = learn and see where the value is and capture it $ attraction = have a personal and unique useful brand AND PRODUCT, be actually valuable withh network and skill. where youre a luck magnet

1,1,Good projects with good people. This is what im looking for. Decent pay. White hot industry: ai. What is the ai growth rate like how the internet was 2300% year over year











>>INDIE INCOME
1,1,list all my past projects i guess thats just my github but by wallowing you miss the opportunity so be resourceful and opportunistic. go over all projects, tier list them, max heap it, then make my first online dollar with the best one. can i do 1 dollar? comparrow, audioboogie, anything else? check the keeps. do it with dennis?

1,1,Make that new ai project or indie income project so i dont go crazy. Sort through the projects ive tried and find the max heap have one for dennis too. Really launch fast and talk to users post on reddit and shit dm on twitter its network crawl day

1,1,Im down to try a project together. Ill check my ideas list and your trello board soon
1,1,find a way to stop the resume gap bleeding: hacktoberfest? certs? 1 week ghost dev gig? indie hacking business?
folder google keeps for my task categories, like a tissue box of tasks
1,1,parse and quantize my indie projects keeps
1,1,make 1 internet dollar with 1 of my indie projects. make it embarassingly decent but the essence of indie business is there
do an indie income project asap for openness withering purposes

>PRODUCT
put a coding sticker on my laptop to advertize that im a coder, in coffee shops and airports
1,1,Do readmes with links on all resume projects.

>SALES
1,1,whats the tradeoff between things like easy apply and then sifting through the noise. theres gotta be a winwin opportunity for both applicants AND hiring managers
1,1,If you wanna stand out in sales be a purple cow. How can i be a purple cow in the job search while using my time effectively? What and who
1,1,make sure every touchpoint of my online presence is nice. selling is AS important as product

>>APPLYING
1,1,check inbox for responses.
1,1,Apply to remote first companies like autommatic and more the ogs cause they have texts.com now
1,1,Check places where app academy grads work and apply to those. Obviously within my remote and size preferences but it validates that an app academy grad can make it. Ask for referalls ask for advice start convos just apply through the front door.\\\ after i finish my queue. dont be tempted to fixate on any one filter in this case being the num of companies in queue. i need to increase the rate of applications period.
1,1,job apps = look at email inbox
1,1,$ aim for 75 companies by next AA alex mak notion form / meeting
1,1,At this 75/week pace its 6 weeks to a 90k job. Keep up the breadth of pace each day. Can i last 6 weeks? Check life port. Be relentlessly resourceful. Learn timely skills w most important small bet 1 week indie project validate w customers. 1 dollar. Test trial hacking w dennis the new guy.
1,1,Im not at 450 apps so go for that. 6 weeks
1,1,Target what coogan companies i have to guam first entry first tangential to the techstack i know etc. Make it easy and small competition is for losers. Linkedin top applicants

>>CONNECTING WITH PEOPLE
1,1,"when networking, start conversations and be genuine in going from 0 to 1, never ask them for things, let them ask you what youre situation is but dont be icky and ask, just start conversations"
1,1,Contact the singapore indie hackers meetup peeps
1,1,Can i paperclip and crawl my real in person network really people i know? What are the leaf nodes i can test? Sounds so transactional but i have networking antidote
1,1,check tech twitter for new jobs and dm
1,1,Email all personal site peeps. Promise that im not hear to ask anything of them besides questions and advice for a friendly ambitious nerds and to impart wisdom to a young software engineer starting out i want to learn about their journeys for 1530 mins and if they could give me some constructive feedback on my product or sales prioritization execution. Say im a fan of them become one first. $ Text dad to use the better engine for upstairs and the engine keeps stopping/stuttering its more efficient with the big engine.
1,1,Genz career club do things that dont scale. Reddit and uog chats
1,1,Email ferdi
1,1,apply to personal sites i have emails? $ NETWORKING $ dm twitter peeps $ get links of the peeps at singapore meetup. check the meetup app on phone $ vpn twitter blue $ Dm and follow all the thiel fellows $ Dm peeps on twitter. Dms and posts $ be sure to go to the network state conference $ Ask sid from salon hows austin. $ Check interintellect for upcoming salons $ keep going to zelda's salon $ ask mama for her nord credentials. get it working for twitter blue and other vpn needs ** $ dm twitter $ write an email and reach out to all personal sites? $ respond to zelda on twitter $ im trying deliberate dms and starting conversations iterated games. $ consolidate the twitter dm to visa
1,1,do guam genz career club
1,1,guam networking = go from 0 to 1 with relationship its my choice over genuineness whether to take 1 to n thats my antidote to networking. retweet it with this rephrasing $ Text auntie vicky $ Text jp balajadgia $ Text charlie the ecuadorian and check his drone guys and sophie farrer. Ask good questions.
GIS job via nick?

















INFLUENTIAL

FINANCIAL
1,1,Kill all unused expenses from both credit cards
1,1,FINANCIAL $ life port stop all that im not using. err not. i can always buy it back. audible and github copilot $ life port $ keep expenses low $ bring to dads the expensivee things i can sell $ stop paying for copilot. go line by line in statement and stop things. $ cut out expenses line by line both statements $ Talk to dad about the addy nail thing w kamia
1,1,I have 330 bucks left

GENERAL\\\
1,1,Aloe sunscreen
1,1,Clean room at mamas on sunday
1,1,Pork rinds and frozen spinach for eggs on grocery
1,1,Drop mirror to nanas with my key

#

at coffeeshops: write down what youre working on

paralysis = i think i wanna do more 1 on 1 things, not 1 to many meetups, put on back burner

genz career club. monday and wednesday port of mocha.
whats the smallest version of this? how can i test this?
next monday port of mocha 2nd floor. 
what kind of people do i want to attract?
what am i looking to get out of this?
have quest companions, even if in other industries, the pattern is that were all trying to better ourselves for better careers and better lives. gen z is apparently in shambles, lets start small and prove this wrong, starting with our own lives.
dm specific people and open it up to the public, how do you curate? invite only, crawling the network of genz friendly ambitious nerds: 

who am i inviting to be curated?
miguel, david, dwight, myron, youngjin, ray, dm hunter sidell

how am i tailoring the online invitation so it filters for friendly ambitious nerds?
clear value prop. what well think about?

why am i doing this again?
connecting with other guam genz friendly ambitious nerdy career-makers.

how do i solve the asshole problem? secret meetings? changing dates and venues?

how do i invite the friendly ambitious nerds from UOG and GCC?

introductions
what were here to talk about = career struggles, either product or sales, well socratically figure this out for each person, what are you good at, what is useful, etc...
at the end: share contacts + tell me about the friendly ambitious nerds they can think of.

heres what its about:
sharing resources

antidote to networking ick: if its not a positive sum relationship, youre doing it wrong, as long as thats the case, then its collaborative and good.

relisten to ben franklins autobiography
then try elons biography
and other walter isaacson bios

genz career chat/meetup
wednesday 5pm-7pm port of mocha GPO 2nd floor
who do i send it to? miguel, his coworkers, uog people, fd chat? (suicide)

>r/guam
>guam programming discord
>uog people i know
>make a website, discord
>solve the asshole problem, invite only?
>whatsapp group chat?
calm down and recenter. what am i doing in my work sessions? optimizing for network growth = breadth and depth.
what does this look like?
twitter dms
discord texting
cold emails from personal sites
talk to leon shimizu
peter gang
check linkedin for other guam coding people like mochida
1,1,Thanks auntie ange for the help i think i just need to spend a few months maybe at a guam job and save up money first $ > get her number and ask for her address $ Why arent i getting a tech job? Am i looking in the wrong places? Is it a skill issue? Is it a job market issue? Is it a geography issue? Is it a personal marketing issue? Im supposed to productize myself.
1,1,Do web comparrow that takes from a remote db? Ohhhhh. Make it 3 buckets just remake comparrow
1,1,PRODUCT $ put new vercel link for grocerease on resume and linkedin $ make comparrow and audioboogie packagable so people can download em and try em out. also add the digit ai model demo i made and be sure to learn about it with gpt and seb lague and 3blue1brown and karpathy lectures and andrew ng lectures $ put old projects on vercel. make sure my resume is nice and presentable $ put github actions ci/cd pipeline on resume. and hacktoberfest. make it true $ make the cover letter more structured less wordy easier to read make it aesthetic in form $ singapore pic please ask for google photos when with mama and help her with audible $ Google certs. Linkedin certs $ finish 100 days of code so its true. i did attend but didnt finish. do NOT lie $ put my training hand drawn models thing on resume $ DIGITAL WORK (in flowbox): $ set my intention for the next flowbox $ comparrow if list long. $ Try workera $ rename and add the ai proto with the digits on resume. $ Also say next meeting i made an ai model demo on handwriting and an audiobook maker. $ write more READme style descriptions of my projects on personal site and readmes on github $ open source contribute to toastify $ get the singapore pics from kamia and mama while im here $ put fastapi on resume and linkedin $ get certified in all the skills i SAY i have. see resume skills and linkedin skills $ quantize linkedin profile $ learn how to fit to machine learning job descriptions train a large neural net. finish 3blue1brown seb lague karpathy andrew ng and new ones $ make the portfolio page better. describe each project in depth the story show gifs put same info on readme

