idea
test
"look at life map and plan out a life worth living, everything i want I can strive for"
go over the greenlight checklist
Hangover cheat sheet
"tell mern group sorry i couldnt finish css this morning, ill try to be there tomorrow"
learn how to text over dating apps
finish mythic mountain
"Ask parents for allowance still while i job search for a remote, cool yc company"
finish comparrow
finish grocerease
show mama that i have CC debt
ask mama to reimburse for oil change
recurring what is heaven like
get greenlit
Talk to mama about increasing allowance. Even ask for loan until i get a job and that im keeping track
"fix whatsapp notifications, be able to have notifications for mother and father ON MY LOCK SCREEN"
setup a MERN meetup time for daily standup recurring in calendar
make a kstone card builder using the kstone notepad silo
pay off credit cards
grocerease AWS buckets back up
Go minimalism
aa benchmark diagnostic
leave house to change truck's oil. get specific oil from mama and change truck oil at pacific tyre dededo
Venmo david for ramen
learn how to kiss and have sex
change experience to over 1 year
"ask parents for allowance tell mama first (easy choices, hard life. hard choices, easy life)"
look at the staywell catalog again and find another therapist i think could help
finish non-technical materials
clean the dining table of that junk
apologize to din for leaving my food
"get rid of the stuff in my room, one thing at a time. minimalism style"
switch to iphone and make sure sim is compatible
i can ask for a loan to hold me off until i get a job
get pants altered and other items
"make comparrow look way cooler and make it intuitive, foldable, and modular somehow"
Professional peeramid seeds
"i need a paperclip to put the atnt sim into the iphone, to pause the atnt bill"
take the task management system from the peeramid todo.txt file and make it a web app
package comparrow
Put taking out trash back on recurring calendar. Every monday afternoon. And recycle every 2nd and 4th friday of month
Make the next goals about increasing agency. Dont put yourself in situations where your agency lessens too greatly
import kamias paddling calendar
y combinator and hackernews jobs
buy rick rubin book and zombie vervaeke on audible or kindle
Put sim in iphone. Get paper clip
whatsapp
have the boys pay me for soccer
"Reply to din today on messanger about review. Talk about fridge the next day, then look at the group chat the next day"
"Recurring nordic curls, split squats, etc. Watch that athlete knees over toes guy video"
Get these shirts and my relevant pants aptered asap. I can salvage/revive my wardrobe
"setup risha, do it badly on purpose. i can always look up the other therapists and go to them for insurance free cost"
have boys pay me for justplay on sunday night
job/austin research for meaning/reason motivation
"Fear set austin and hedge risk, make backup plans"
"find portfolio website, host it on github pages, then post that link to salesforce"
trim corners of hair before i shower
recurring whats the biggest problem
Call discover to talk about over credit limit at payless
finish projects finish nontechnical materials have alex review them
"after making comparrow cooler, package and give to sissy. part of making it better is making it foldable, styled, and include nice instructions and labels and tooltips"
Recurring meditation
gratitude
Look into huntr.io and make sure im logging in my work and that im not messing up with that.
make a list of cool yc companies
quantize emails
Game night/switch nintendo/dinner at dads with sibs
go to dads. ask chelus for game night. board games and switch. tell dad what they say asap
remove atnt autopay
Check the career coaching/sprint cheatsheet
give comparrow to sissy like i said i would
trim corners or hair
"fuckin make kstone, it would be so cool to make a team with like ryujin, jennie, fifa craft/build a team type fun. then play like hs. a mix of kpop, hearthstone, fifa. with awesome music. you can choose to make a boy or girlgroup. or you can play as a company ceo. name the company, choose where to scout from, dlcs, global expansion"
stop subscriptions i dont use
Help dad with renovation
"ask mama for an increase allowance, with reasons and proof."
life portfolio
find my portfolio website
declog mamas outside ac pipe with the shopvac
"ask mama for loan, tell her ill pay after job"
clean room
self diagnose with my pycharm program access_time
turn on irene in living room to clean up skin on ground. gross
recurring brush at night and floss
Undo linkedin premium
check google calendar
aftmc
dishes
Haircut
fashion
pur gum
toothpaste
grocerease
archive -2s
wash dishes
close doors
grocer ease
lifo onetab
gratitude
Clean dining
Ice bath 4x0
clean dining
ruby Haircut
clean kitchen
clean dining 
clean kitchen
Clean doorstep
Recurring fast
check whatsapp
Recurring fast
turn off power
check calendar
mythic mountain
mythic mountain
maps of meaning
exercise trio
Dalio principles
change to iphone
8 sleep mattress
get a benefit cc
recurring sunset
Know my debt date
work on undereyes
cancel midjourney
Move to the iphone
Recurring creatine
learn unity and c#
Do i pickup kamia?
fix ubuntu zooming
have nests per task
Recurring meditation
learn about pagerank
Direct morning sun
learn ios development
Big demon hunter deck
stop the autocomplete
ask mama for her card
learn to dance to kpop
signal-detection theory
check google calendar
whisper to text hardware
Check if june is verified
recurring serenity prayer
get receipts out of truck
cleanup milanote accounts
Buy more on amazon in bulk
Paper clip iphone sim task
respond to seb on whatsapp
life portfolio. pay off cc
have a shirtless musly pic
zombies in western culture
import notebook tasks/ideas
frankenstein. gpt page rank
standardize dating profiles
make a sleep cycle ios apps
the ramit sethi netflix show
See if i need to pickup kamia
Save computer data to the ssd
have a place for grocery list
Bring marshallpods. Put in bag
import calendar into this list
+ check glassdoor for jobs too
go over alex grace boxes again
install showerhead on toy chest
put groceries away on toy chest
have wipes instead of deoderant
check what milanote is coded in
get the paperclip for sim change
consolidate todoist and calendar
Make a 5 minute daily vlog app
"Human time, not just temporal time"
put my new good pic in dating apps
learn how to make vscode extensions
learn how to make chrome extensions
Another backlog is youtube playlists
do the aa benchmark diagnostic email
Go on a morning tumon run with dad
Pay off cc with what mama paypalled me
"listen to all shazam, soundhound songs"
schedule in dad's bday and mothers day
Get rid of the voice prompt in hinge
Voice deeper. Testosterone optimization
repay debts to parents in life portfolio
Look at whats common ACROSS the top tier
Make the task dump for frankenstein fifo
"task dump, tinder for tasks, w/ rerating"
look at a ramit sethi rich life checklist
recurring sunbathing for hormonal release
batch interupptions = interuppt coalescing
+ reglue the rubber bar at bottom of laptop
give mama what i said at the finance meeting
Tell jasmine nevermind about peeramid for now
+ have kami send me that car photo that's nice
check 2 scorecards. grocerease. mythic mountain
get the other yellow notepad from the art drawer
Add a calendar event export handler in frankenstein
Also mama for allowance to also cover my phone bill
schedule in adelup soccer and infusion coding meetup
+ get new rubber stubs for bottom of laptop (4 stubs)
Put book in bag so i have something to read when bored
formulate a really good life goal/s beyond current life map
Son please blow out the garage & do a good job on the steps.
learn about evolution so i know how to be a better darwinian
"Add all shazam songs to spotify, and listen to discover weekly"
"run compilation through standardizer, then sorter based on metrics"
"Give mama what we agreed on last night, check the notebook on bottom"
Investigate if dangers of looking at close range screens for too long
Vervaeke confusing signals of depression and anxiety. dont commit suicide
Consolidate phone. Import notepads to notepad on computer and delete the apps
finish commitments LIFO: austin. busan. kpop producer? check comparrow life map
move the groceries/shopping lists from todoist. find a better place like milanote
test the dvd player. find the correct cord in sissy's room. mama said there are 2 dvd players
Look at young cities when deciding. Or young areas in general. And other compatibility variables
after i figure out my productivity system. make a blog post and share the tools (packaging necessary)
"make a weekly workout schedule w/ miguel, at least once a week. flexible working on what is best for our goals"
"Get another ssd and have lagging backups like sivers. That would take multiple server racks, follow his tutorial"
"Frankenstein = dump all your tasks, frankenstein will tell you exactly the best thing to do. Your ai assistant lol"
"Make suggestions when things get out of hand: too much of something: tasks, buckets. Ask if consolidation is possible"
"download milanote on mobile import time boxer tasks into milanote system, to be put into my frankenstein custom system later"
"make a tinder for tasks, based on metrics like importance, urgency, due date, effort, etc. inaction cost, influence w page rank"
Make some hardware that takes what you says with voice commands and documents from voice to text with whispering neck vibrations. Highly accurate
"custom sleep app with all the timing things i want (sleep cycle, caffiene intake, fasting schedule etc.) when to go to sleep 10pm, when to wake (sunrise)"
"Recurring get out of the house. Consider the inaction cost of staying home. Find better places to work: stand, rest, work, eat nearby, nearby house, late hours"
"Next time i see risha, tell her my complex with drinks and smoking and my seeming only and best gift which is my intelligence. I try to be humble and wise too"
finish my other 2 AA projects by saturday 9am by thursday 9am = grocerease by saturday 9am = mythic mountain alex mak meeting. grocerease. aws revive bucket. mythic mountain
"make a ""something is wrong"" button in frankenstein that has you pick what solution to do. it even tells you when to stop using it and use a journal instead or meditate or focus on your physiology"
"peeramid stretch: make the profile fas fa icon white. when user gives no highlight or lowlight, render a different styled feeditem. show pin number on top component or middle. standardize fonts. fix the nav bar being responsive, make it fixed instead. add back the typing the name visual effect that i accidentally got rid of that andre put in initially. fix the mobile version of the filter sidebar, the buttons are too tall. put messages when there are no suggestions on a certain filter. add pagenation. let users see all suggestions made toward them, sorted by need. click on bar graph?. import what i saw needed work on when seb tried out peeramid for the 2nd time. import from bottom of notebook"
